so we are doing a DIY Christmas project
we're going to be making some baby food
jars snowmen you just need a few things
we've been collecting baby food jars for
a while I got some felt this is for to
make a hat and then I don't know if I
want to use the the orange for the nose
or if I want to try and use these
markers for the nose it's an orange in
there I got some paint so that we can
either paint it or use that marker for
the eyes and the buttons and then I'm
gonna make a scarf either we're going to
crochet some scarves or I'm going to use
some left over beliefs so you just want
to take three jars and take your hot
glue gun and then just glue them all
together like this and I've already
started them so you just want to glue
three on the top and then we're gonna
decorate them okay so now I'm just
painting black around the edges here for
just the top one just to kind of hide
that because we're going to be making
the Hat on the top and it's gonna look
like this once the paint dries and then
I'm putting black felt on the top kind
of making it look like a Top Cat so
we're just going to do it to all of your
jars that you're gonna do and then we'll
come back and do the next step so I just
got these plain black sheets of felt
from Michaels and I'm gonna take my lids
it's been painted just around the edge
and I cut a little square it's just the
size of it and I'm going to hot glue the
Darr lid and then I'm just gonna set it
on there and went dry I'm just gonna cut
the circle around
I make sure to put enough
bulu for it stick so just take your top
and then stick this on and just press it
down and then I'll just cut around just
like this and then that will be the
whole completed top hat and if there's
any pieces that I missed with the pink
I'll just kind of touch it up like you
can see some of the silver here and I'll
just kind of touch it up as I go but
that's the top hat so it's basically
looks like this so far and then we're
gonna do I got a black paint pen and I'm
gonna do the eyes and the mouth and then
the buttons and then I'm gonna cut the
nose out of some orange belt and hot
glue on and then we're gonna tie a cute
scarf on it so next we're gonna take our
paint pen or you can just use black
paint if you want to this is just easy
for me since I'm ready - apps and we're
just gonna make the snowman face and the
buttons on the middle you can make your
face any way you want but this is just
how I'm gonna make mine I'm gonna put
two eyes at the top and then I'm gonna
do the mouth
and I did my mouth just like that and
then we're gonna make three buttons
going down just to be careful whenever
you open up the jar sometimes it doesn't
realign back and then I cut some orange
noses out of felt and I'm just gonna
glue glue it on blue just put a little
bit of glue on it and then just glue it
on there and then it's gonna look like
this so far and then we're gonna I'm
gonna finish them all up and then we can
start to fill them and then we're gonna
make our scarves alright so now that we
have all of our noses glued on we're
just going to go ahead and assemble the
inside and this is how it's gonna look
so I just have them all taken apart and
in the head of the Snowman get the
marshmallows and we are using mini
marshmallows in there so you can you can
basically put anything that you want in
these but we are doing a hot cocoa
concoction we got this giant swiftness
from Sam's and then we just got these
little mini marshmallows from Target and
then we're gonna put some peppermint
candies in the bottom but you can also
put any planet keys in the bottom so
just stuff your top full with the mini
marshmallows and then go ahead and grab
your snowman hat and some of these are a
little hard to put on but if you can
kind of get it in the groove it'll go on
straight so in the middle where your
buttons are you're gonna want to put
your cocoa in and then I filled it all
the way up because I really like hot
cocoa
you could put back things and this would
be nice if you make back products and
then just be really careful after you've
done this you it's kind of difficult to
get it lined back up again but you could
also go ahead and fill these and then
decorate and then and these eight of
these fit in here and then just go ahead
and stick that on there and then I took
some remnant fabric from the craft store
and cut little strips and then I'm going
to tie them around here for the scarf
and I just cut them longer and then I'm
gonna cut the excess off and then that's
gonna be your snowman I think he's
really cute and a little gift idea
Brendan's gonna give these out to some
of our older neighbor ladies to
grandparents and teachers it was easy
and pretty cheap all I had to buy was
the felt a marker and then some black
paint but you could even skip the black
paint if you want this bottom one is not
painted and that's okay and then this
one is just covered by the scarf I
believe this remnant was only like two
dollars and then the baby food jars were
free after the baby ate them and then I
just got the orange felt in the black
belt but you could also paint the top if
you didn't want to do the belt too so
that's its DIY baby food jar snowmen
thanks for watching bye